Update Firefox 152 release notes for WebDriver conforming changes (#44405)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/152/index.md

<!-- #### Removals -->

### WebDriver conformance (WebDriver BiDi, Marionette)

#### General

- Improved the Marionette and WebDriver BiDi screenshot commands to enforce maximum allowed dimensions. ([Firefox bug 2020302](https://bugzil.la/2020302)).

#### WebDriver BiDi

> - Extended the `webExtension.install` command to support installing WebExtensions in Firefox enabled in Private Browsing mode. ([Firefox bug 1947679](https://bugzil.la/1947679)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extended the `webExtension.install` command to support installing web extensions in Firefox enabled in Private Browsing mode. ([Firefox bug 1947679](https://bugzil.la/1947679)).
```

> - Improved the `brower.setDownloadBehavior` command to allow overriding the download target folder before the temporary file is created. ([Firefox bug 2017252](https://bugzil.la/2017252)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved the `browser.setDownloadBehavior` command to allow overriding the download target folder before the temporary file is created. ([Firefox bug 2017252](https://bugzil.la/2017252)).
```
